***Note: This was originally a reponse to a YouRepo reply I made to one of the comments I publicly made as well. See my YouRepo link on my GitHub page for it (or p0sin.github.io should display it there as well). I edited this version for better clarification and understanding - should you so care - and the like. Enjoy.***

So, this year was one of the years where I had to dwell in the past and give some insights to "anniversaries from 10 years ago to this day like Barack Obama winning the presidency in 2008, holy crap, a nigga president, bro, look we got a negro pres, that's shit's awesome, look guys, a negro is president woooooowww cooolllll obama yes we can yes we can yes we can yeeeessss weeee caaannnnnn woooohooo obama we love you bro yayyyyy lolololololzzz", right, just to stop this harassment of Dominos being sent to me on my doorstep from happening, when it took place and occured mostly in March and a few in April this year as well. It happened somewhat last year, but just not as a massive amount as this year. Essentially, I'm finessing and procrastinating my time to watch (most) dubbed anime I love, tweak development even in hopes of the hellish harassment I've been enduring to stop. It'll stop eventually, yes. I even went to Estes Park in Colorado in late July 25th. earlier this year THAT I HAD NOT BEEN INTO IN EIGHT YEARS STRAIGHT (and I'll say this: it was actually very enjoyable, considering the one from before was pure crap to me)... And I did this in hopes that this would not continue and make it worse, and I left on July 28th. or July 29th... and who knew that in *exactly* a month later that I'd get my hands on my long-awaited 6S Plus that is special in the that it's a 64GB, space grey, working Touch ID, and *gasp* iOS 9.3.2 jailbreakable firmware. Still rockin the Pangu semi-untethered jailbroken life, still going strong even in November 10th. 2018. Gladiator jailbreaker af.

Anywho, one of the stupidest parts of this whole charade that happened way before this is some people on /r/jailbreak framing and blaming me for stuff me and ijapija00 didn't have any affiliation with or do, and it just so happens this happened about a year ago in August 2017. https://www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/6rmawa/meta_deceptive_developers_and_revealing_their_use/ This is incorrect information about me (and is just a 16 year old punk bipolar nobody [who I will not name, and I know the name of the person anyway, but I will not say the name becasue I have a reason to not say the name] who's been stalking and harassing me (most of the time its with Dominos deliveries) in hopes of me quitting my harassment that I should have done long ago [which it did more recently as I explained above in there]), and I never made any Spotify tweaks - I never used Spotify, I use Music or TwistedWave - and those moderators of that subreddit are being just straight-up powerhungry. This is basically just slander used in hopes of trying to get me off of the subreddit, or away from the reddit community as a whole.

It's expected at this rate that both sides - the developers and users - of the jailbreak community would understand my logic on this, but I think they overthrow themselves and leave this in a grey area of confusion and their thought process and philisophy gets very haywire, if you will. People really don't seem to really grasp and understand my personal and outter problems, and so, I'm happy to clarify, as long as I have people that are willing to listen and hear me out. Let me clarify (and I'm gonna try to keep calm and tell the correct information *with the expectancy of people understanding my point of view*, but I don't think they will understand at all, but I'm going through the motions anywho.





If you're not fully supportive of what the developers contribute, add, accomplish, or do, or what @saurik says, then you are not a patriot, per se, so you are therefore a terrorist, and must be suspended and banned from the jailbreak community (Twitter, reddit, etc.) and are not allowed to be here, and really honestly are not welcome back to visit ever again.



For the most part, I've tried to show (what I would deem) exceedingly big openness to among my developer and anime friends and peers, and have also shown what most of the developers have to say and contribute and do, as well as what saurik says, and so I say that I *am* a patriot, per se; I've just had lots of massive anger management problems and when things didn't go my way, or when someone asks me for help, or when someone lets me know I need to to leave or fuck off, or talks shit about me and I don't even know they're saying it unless I'd psychostalk them or whatever, I would send some pretty messed up things (9/11, Bosnian genocide, death threats, rape threats, punishment threats, threats to strangle, wishes or threats [or both] of tarantula hawk stings and giant Asian hornet stings/tarantula hawk stings/pepsis wasps biting or stinging them, or a wolfspider biting or stinging, or threats of SWAT/welfare check (basically when you "prank" call the police/fire department/ambulance aka paramedic to check on your health or see if anyone's not feeling hurt or okay and feeling safe - basically to check on your safety of your well-being and welfare is what a welfare check is) to their street address, wishes/threats even of people dying on a 9/11-styled attack, wishes of their parents/grandparents/relativies dying in a Bosnian war/Bosnian genocide conflict, or wishes of dying in a dog cage with dead mice or lice in it, threats to leak out people's personal information - their home address, their car license plate info, their social security number, their iCloud/Gmail/Yahoo email address...) to them in retaliation for whatever reason I had. I would never do any of that, but the ignorance and arrogance just gets under my skin so much and I can't handle it, maybe because apparently I'm a massive speciality snowflake.





...but do you see that this is exactly why I, and other developers, have made a final outcome and decided to start the trend of transitioning to Mastodon (which is much much friendlier and very stress-free than Twitter's jailbreak side, or /r/jailbreak's subreddit...)?


I'll say it here and now, without any caps-lock:


**I have no plans of being able to return to Twitter because almost everyone on there on there user side of the jailbreak community, and some people in the anime community... has actually been is just absolutely horrendusly ridiculous and most of them have been just absolutely extremely rude and extremely condescending the entire time... for about five to eight years since my arrival of my very first Twitter account creation.**





I hope this was enough clarification (I most likely left out way way more information, like my chasefr0mm2016.blogspot.com website - which is already very messed up as is, and some of the posts on there will be deleted or maybe private so that only I myself can view them), but I should leave it at that for the time being or whatever. Because my fingers are feeling rusty and about to chip off after writing a really long letter.





Honestly, I might continue to make more tweaks and release them (that I've actually been working on for a while) in January 2019, much more than this month (November), and I might get to release some next month (December).



I also want to say this on another sidenote: I literally get to walk up from my own house to my Apple Store, and I always take a break and relax my head off even more at a BEAUTIFUL nextdoor coffeeshop called "The Roasterie Cafe" (I like to think of it as essentially a Panera Bread alternative, but also another STARBUCKS alternative as well), and I bring *literally* EVERY device (iPhone, my Mac, etc.) I ever use and pack it up in a blue backpack one of my sisters had when they were still in elementary school and use it in that coffeeshop, and I even use it before and after - on my way to that park, and exiting the park - I'll have this park location nameless for security reasons and other reasons of mine as well, but that park is usually a very friendly place, and it's also very calming, very relaxing and very peaceful too. I do this now because currently my tire swing just has such a massively irritating and incredibly frustrating issue when it comes to swinging from the trunk of the tree, and I'm asking my parents to fix up this issue by buying some enlarged accessory so I myself can nail it on to there (because apparently wooden blocks or wooden planks and using *those* to nail on to the trunk of the tree really just isn't enough apparently...) or whatever I need, just to push from there with ease. It often times for me comes as a hit-and-miss to even ride that swing, if you know what I mean...







Tl;dr (about this *really* lengthy - I must [honestly] admit - letter): all this misery and pain I'm going through is *ridiculous*, but I may have just learnt a lesson, although do not expect me to return to Twitter in the future as I currently have no plans, though the pain and misery I've suffered will indeed wear off with given time and luck (and time and luck only) instead of logicstics, just because of how desperate the situation still is, and just because that's also how desperate I am to get out of it as soon as I possibly can. I'm thankful that you chose to read this. Thank you for being patient and hearing what I have to say, and thank you for letting me focus on silently updating my tweaks. They will be released soon - and more importantly, I'd say: you will be rewarded for your patience and effort as well (it will teach you that being humble will go far in life.) Many regards, CF

PS. And no, I'm not going to a mental or psychiatric hospital (like Crittenton, or Marillac) either.

UPDATE: I have decided I am never returning to Twitter again. There's just too many things on there and I'm just too out of touch to care about those friendless "people" on there. For Christmas, I got a new MacBook Pro 256GB SSD with an 8GB of RAM and it's an early 2015 model (MacBookPro12,1) and an iPhone 5S 32GB with space grey and ioS 9.3.2 installed and a jailbreak working with it just fine so I don't need to worry about going to Twitter because of those dumb losers who are useless to me.
